The night of New Zealand
HaSeul : Thank you!
HaSeul : Today… We went to the amusement park of New Zealand~
HaSeul : and had some dessert we really wanted to eat…
HaSeul : So I think it was a happy day~
HeeJin : It was just so fun today
HeeJin : I was so touched by our members…
HeeJin : I hope the filming is going to be fun always~ like today…
HyunJin : Hello, I’m at the restroom~
HyunJin : I think the amusement park was best~
HyunJIn : Because… I went to those place after so long
HyunJin : and it’s so fun hanging out with members~!
HyunJin : Anyway, good night~
ViVi : I was so happy~
The reason ViVi was happy 1 : I played fun~
The reason ViVi was happy 2 : and enjoyed dessert~
The reason ViVi was happy 3 : and went to some beautiful shop~
ViVi : So, it was so really very perfect day~
HaSeul : And our members of LOOΠΔ 1/3
HaSeul : and YeoJin~~
HaSeul : Thank you so much~~